hey I want you morally today
force show for the time being
that's a pretty much the
most controversial bush force better that it
There are many people who would say
say it's the white controversial the
knife that exists because she is not
as cleaning staff that is here
nothing sounds so fresh
forces and us forward
Then the blade also tapers like that
to see popular
she just gets thinner at the front point 10 0
18 meters long I believe 25
millimeter strength and I have that now
What I am doing now with about a week
long tested and it is in itself
quite well
I seem to have one now
a whole lot dislike there you have to
Pretty good the rubber grip likes now
not so i am there so the five of wood
but it is really slip resistant
even if it is wet or bloody
or something like that I do not know
how long I think I know what
about up to this point will therefore yet
already relatively deep drum relatively deep
in it
i am actually away from kultil film
I like is much better knife
very easy
What I really like about me now
knife is actually the most bothersome
that it is so easy that it's chop
almost impossible so so have the
So here's another one
built-in stop and thank you here as well
Get it right here and do it
was really great to have so
incredibly easy ago
So I can build almost no power
I have already tried a lot
but it just can not be done
stainless steel my eyes now too
re - points and that is just
Sandweg steel is installed in it
give gives at least moral the handle is
in itself quite ergonomic many people
have problem the smaller have that
You here
Mittelfinger come on it and then is
it was quite uncomfortable in the meantime
but with me now actually quite good
that this is actually quite good
but he is pretty good pure
in between it is also quite good in the
hand here you have a very good handle
can still hold up well here
Sweating is not really that
I would stress it now
do not operate alone on your own
because it's such a relatively thin one
Klinger has and primarily
because it's here in this for
Boys have this thinner king and
that's why I find it here now
wood piece is and then over there it
the risk of breakage again a lot higher
just so white and dennis
stable shape
but you can through the tapered tip
the movie's blade shape
on average I work quite well so better
In my opinion, even doing that is
a super carver my opinion
simply because it's so thin
because it's because the pieces of wood you get
Do not stop immediately
just so that the demolition protection is too
very strong so I almost
impossible to slip and get on
to hurt the blade
what else is there to worry about exactly that
top trend So the sounds has one
joint
there is minimal so almost not
i do not know what i say
that's just one now
little video about what I got from it
think now of the knife if demand
I can also agree again
make review by keeping the knife still
before your eyes on your body and yours
Guests go and I want to show then
what it needs that we sometimes that
knife in action advises the distinction had
not here now I have one
Small leather shit built that way
I have the original page I can
The case is made of plaste and
also a nice drain hole what
pretty bad country is not
available
I have also seen a few times
that I do not like so much about the
It is a shame that they are not like those
moral companions at the idol clip below
open that you just over the
belt can get stuck
they are simply consistent throughout
you have to pull through the belt
otherwise I like the cover quite well
I like everyone because of that I have one
leather case so